---
layout: post
title: Ches the 13th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Time to hit the Long Road to Waterdeep.
background: "/img/posts/ches.jpg"
---

### 13th of Ches - {% include glossary_link.html title="Triboar" %}

We decided to split up to increase our chances at getting useful information
about the cultists. Fynn, Kaiya and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} decided to travel as traders and
dressed up their car in bright colors. The dwarf {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} meanwhile
applied as bodyguards with *Zardan Barmur*, the boss of the *{% include glossary_link.html title="Triboar" %}
Traveller* who got them a job with an arrogant elven lady named *Edherly
Lewel*, trading in precious woods. After some negotiation, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} was hired as
personal bodyguard for 10 Gold per week while {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}, due to her apparent
dislike of dwarves, was only offered half the salary as general guard.

While everyone among the 20-30 people is waiting for the caravan to leave,
{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} sniffs around for a familiar smell of cultists (and food) and picks up a
weird metallic smell from a bunch of suspiciously covered carts.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} does what {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} does best and chats up everyone in the vicinity, meeting a
very chatty dwarven lady. She points out a halfling named Erin, an old woman
that makes {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} feel weirdly suspicious. There is also a goblin named *Jamna
Gleamsilver* who is on a self-discovery-tour.

It gets afternoon before the caravan finally sets out. At the last minute, a
big human dressed all in red named *Jos* arrives.

### 13th of Ches - On the {% include glossary_link.html title="Long Road" %}

The people on the wagons with the weird metallic smell keep to themselves and
seem a little suspicious to us.

As we set up camp in the evening, {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} begins to play some music and is joined
by *La Fero* “The Silent” who knows all of Fynns songs, even the “I like red
dragons...” song. When questioned where he knows it from, he points to the
guards of the covered wagons.

When Fynn an {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} meet at the ale wagon, they chat about the suspicious
wagons while {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} slightly places the electrum ale mug back in Thoredims
hands.

It will not remain there for long because the group comes up with a
plan to find out the contents of said cars: {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} casts invisibility on Kaiya
who places the ale mug in the back of the wagon with a handle sticking out.

Fynn and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} then raise some attention and go over to the group of
suspected cultists and accuse them of stealing. When {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} opens the tarp
and – after some back and forth – one of the wooden boxes inside, they find
nothing but cured meats. Poking around in them with the crowbar achieves
nothing but making sure they will become friends on this trip.

After we called it a night, two more travelers arrived and politely asked to
join the caravan, *Arietta* and *Celina*.
