---
layout: post
title: Ches the 26th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: And today on the Waterdeep Shopping Queen...
background: "/img/posts/ches.jpg"
---

### 26th of Ches

The city of {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} is truly enormous, bigger than any of us has ever seen!
They say around two million people, give or take, live here. One of them,
naturally, is a cousin of Fynn, called Earll ("L") and owns a tavern in
Dockward, the seedy part of town. Not to be confused with Seaward where the
nobles live or tradeward, where many shops are located.

The latter is where we headed to go shopping. First a place called *Chalos
Wonderous Vault*, with its owner, Chalos being a flamboyant Tiefling. After a
lengthy and very complicated negotiation the group exchanged many items, gems,
pearls, dragon teeth, some currency for three [night
goggles](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/goggles-of-night) - and a [cloak
of many fashions](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-many-fashions)
for Shan.

Thoredims wish to acquire a silet elven chainmail got smashed by a 6000 GP
price tag - but a new goal is born! In *Mylar's Extraordinary Armory*, led by a
female half-orc, Posmet and Thoredim both bought splint armor.

Off to the North Gate! The group met Jemna and Jos, and Jemna explained she has
been hired as guard for a shipment to "the roadhouse". We followed her example
and got hired immediately. The reason may be that the trip leads through the
*Mere of Dead Men*, where many do not return. But hey - 50 GP per trip per
person! The *High Road Charter Company*, led by Lord Neverember (of
{% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}) wants to restore the High Road
which was destroyed by a volcano.

Finally, we headed to *The Rolling Teabarrel*, Fynn's cousin's pub. Fynn
explained that Earll, the cousin, is the black sheep of the family, and the
rest wondered whether this is meant literally or not since Earll is a
black-furred Firbolg. After some drinking, Earll invited the group to a trip to
a nearby brothel, but the group resigned to more drinking and getting some
shut-eye before some new adventures the next day...
