---
layout: post
title: Ches the 14th and 15th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: From nowhere to Westbridge.
background: "/img/posts/ches.jpg"
---

### 14th of Ches - On the {% include glossary_link.html title="Long Road" %}

The second day of uneventful travel so far. *Jemna Gleamsilver* chatted up {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %},
but after some small talk the conversation ran dry. She did stay close though.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} then notices another suspected cultist watching him an walks over to him
with a mug of ale, claiming they know each other from the cultist camp, where
{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} was a hunter and left behind when the cultists abandoned their camp. This
way, {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} got the information that they are travelling to "the Roadhouse".

In the evening {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} makes {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} invisible again and she goes listening to the
cultists talking about {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} and claiming that he can not be a cultist because
he neither wears regalia nor uses {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}'s
greeting (Outstretched hand, "praise {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}").
For this reason they want to cut the wheel of Fynns wagon so he has an accident
and gets left behin - or worse! Another information {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} can gather is that
*Rezmir* got "one of the masks", of which there are five overwall. He must be
one of the inner circle of a person called *Severin*, and must be one of the
*Wyrmspeakers*.

Kaiya tells this to {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} and advises him to go over to the cultists again, but
this time with the greeting. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} goes into offense mode and tells another
cultist that cultist number one did not use {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}'s
greeting. This cultist however has known cultist one all his live. Change of
plan: {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} tells cultist two his real name and that he does not trust the other
cultist - THAT is why he didn't greet. With his enormous convincing power
cultist two now is convinced and tells {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} that cultist one will be promoted
to *"Dragonwing"* soon. He himself is a *"Dragonclaw"*. But why does {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} not
wear any regalia - he convinces him that he is extremely high ranking.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} meanwhile tries to talk to *Jos*, who is not very talkative. He does
tell that he is from *{% include glossary_link.html title="Thay" %}*, a far
away land reigned by a Necromancer callef *Szass Tam*. *Jos* just tries to get
as far away as possible.

At last, at the request of Fynn, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} tries to chat up *Jamna* by inviting
her to a round of ale, and after some small talk, awkwardness and finally
intimidation she tells us to get together at the next breakfast and she will
relay some interesting information to us about why she is so interested in our
group. We plan that Posmet and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} will sit together and if we conclude it
to be save, the rest of the group to join.

### 15th of Ches - Still on the {% include glossary_link.html title="Long Road" %}

Lunchtime is approaching and the caravan is passing the city of *Westbridge*.
Right after, in some misty woods the horses are attacked by three Ettercaps
and two giant spiders. A battle ensues with the **F* Five** win without issues.
