---
layout: post
title: 'Ches 8th through 12th'
author: Posmet
excerpt: Meeting of old friends and travelling south.
background: "/img/posts/ches.jpg"
---

### 8th of Ches - {% include glossary_link.html title="Longsaddle" %}

Meeting Shans friends {% include glossary_link.html title="Shànliáng" %} and
{% include glossary_link.html title="Fēilóng" %} who seem to have recovered.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Shànliáng" %} was captured in the camp
and freed by us a few days ago. Wants to go to {% include glossary_link.html title="Triboar" %} to meet *Ontharr
Frume*. A prominent figure in {% include glossary_link.html title="Triboar" %}. Seems to be a tavern owner of the “Pair
of black antlers”. And head of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Order
of the Gauntlet" %} there. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fēilóng" %}
will return to {% include glossary_link.html title="Master Shi-Fu" %} to
report what we found.

We procured an immensely overpriced cart for our belongings but were able to pay only a tiny portion of what was asked. Also an oxen.

### 9th through 12th of Ches

We travel with {% include glossary_link.html title="Shànliáng" %} from
{% include glossary_link.html title="Longsaddle" %} to {% include glossary_link.html title="Triboar" %} where we are to meet with said *{% include
glossary_link.html title="Ontharr Frume" %}* who happens to be related to Fynn
and is the owner of the *"Pair of black antlers"* inn.

The existence of more or less secret factions is revealed to us:

- The {% include glossary_link.html title="Order of the Gauntlet" %} devoted to upholding order and peace, and striking hard and fast against evil - but never preemtively. Ontharr is a member.

- The {% include glossary_link.html title="Harpers" %} devoted to gathering information and using it for good. Less tight-knit that the Gauntlet-faction but present everywhere. ShanLiang is a member.

- The {% include glossary_link.html title="Emerald Enclave" %} some natureloving people.

- The {% include glossary_link.html title="Lord's Alliance" %} for noble people or so.

- The {% include glossary_link.html title="Zhentarim" %} for... less lawful individuals.

Currently the {% include glossary_link.html title="Harpers" %} and the {% include glossary_link.html title="Order of the Gauntlet" %} are working together against the cultist problem.
Thoredim eagerly became a member of the Gauntlet, but we think he'll have to work on the "no first strike" rule.

Regardless of us joining any of the factions, we are tasked to investigate the cultists that are said to hide in caravans heading south and reporting if and what we find.

Thoredim's beloved electrum ale mug was pickpocketed by Kayia while he as armwrestling Ontharr, and he was severly bullied.
