---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 9th (still..)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: From teleportation circle back to the daylight.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh8th.jpg"
---

## 9th of Tarsakh (cont.)

How long will this hell of a day last? When trying to explore the dungeon under
{% include glossary_link.html title="Castle Naerytar" %}, we ran into not much but more giant frogs. So the group soon
decided to head upstairs and join the fight for the castle. Kayja used the
commotion to quietly end Rezmir's life on our retreat.

Upstairs we found ourselves overwhelmed by a sizeable number of Bullywugs,
Dragon Cultists and Lizardfolk fighting in the yard and hallways. Definitely
too many to take on ourselves! We dashed past a group of cultists into the yard
and fought of three drakes to finally discover {% include glossary_link.html title="Snapjaw" %}. He instructed us the
best we could do was to find and bring out the one-eyed warden of the castle
Dralmorrer - warm or cold - in order to stop the fighting. A first attempt to
access the second floor through a garbage-covered staircase was stopped by
painful lashes by a hidden tentacle monster. After some searching we found a
second set of stairs that led us into Dralmorrer's living chambers and thus to
him. Kayja eventually put a bolt through his remaining eye and we brought his
corpse to the yard. The plan actually worked! Both Bullywugs and Dragon
Cultists attempted to flee the grounds, while we made our way back up. In the
chambers we discovered the castle's armory and soon after, a group of giant
spiders.

What else will this foul place have to throw at us?
