---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 13th through 16th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Off to familiar places.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh10th.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 13

We were back in Phandalin from the {% include glossary_link.html title="Wave Echo Cave" %}. The dwarves have promised
us 100 Gold a month that we can pick up at any Lionshield Costa branch. In
Phandalin we met a familiar face: The druid Reidoth, who we have met in
Thundertree and who has given us some information on {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s parents. He
described to us the location of a burial site that he found in the
Neverwinter woods. It might be the tomb erected by the survivors of the
Thundertree attack. Now Reidoth was going to the {% include glossary_link.html title="Emerald Enclave" %} in
{% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}.

In the evening, the group decided to put family first and go all together to
Thundertree to visit the tomb. After that, we would be going to Neverwinter
to sell some items, then it is back to cultist hunting. We might pass the
{% include glossary_link.html title="Wave Echo Cave" %} again, where the bag of holding is hopefully done.

Sister Garaele confirmed the rumors that all factions would be meeting in
{% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} to discuss what should be done about the cultists and their leader
Severin (who might reside in the Greypeak mountains). This is an event of
importance! She also reminded {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} to do his training. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} in turn made a
150 gold piece donation to Garaele's temple, and the group bought four
potions of healing from her.

Barten (owner of Barten's Provision and coiner of the "full transparency"
slogan) lended us his wagon. And, unexpectedly, we ended up having a nice
sauna-evening with him. Kaiya stole {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s codpiece. Barton let us in on
the fact that he founded a nudist community in Phandalin (current membership count: 1).
Note to self: We HAVE to bring the cart back to Barten!

On our way to Thundertree, we saw a golden Dragon heading east. There have
been a lot of dragon sightings lately.

# Tarsakh 16

We arrived in Thundertree. It is still in ruins, but you could see that
Reidoth has tried cleaning up the place. As we started looking in the forest,
we encountered a group of centaurs that told {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} in Elvish that they had
escaped north from the attack but were now re-settling in the area.

After some more searching, we found the gravesite, a hill dotted with upright
boulders. Fynn found a spot to put {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s family amulet into and the
entrance opened.
