---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 10th (still)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: It's really cold up here
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh10th.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 10th (cont.)

We decided to first finish clearing out the castle, so we would not have to
cover two flanks once the fighting started. Fyinn deceived six remaining dragon
cultists that we were their replacement and sent them "home". They could not
wait to leave, apparently, Icespire Peak is not the most popular assignment for
a young aspiring dragon cultist. This would give us a little time window to
defeat the dragon and escape, before the dragon cultists would see through our
ruse and return in force through the teleportation circle.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} then went up to the roof to separate the drakes from the dragon, so we
could deal with them separately. He did so by taking some bones of defeated
undead and luring them into an elaborate ambush downstairs. They turned out to
be squishier than we thought and we disposed of them in no time. The dragon,
however, had a different idea than waiting upstairs for his turn to be dealt
and landed on a ledge outside. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}, who can spare no love for
dragons, rushed in immediately. The fight continued to the top floor, which was
slick with ice. The dragon's mighty breath weapon took a toll on the group,
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} being taken out. The victory was finally delivered by the most
unlikely creature imaginable: a halfling! {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} Teabarrel took the dragon down
with a sleep spell, the fall to the floor killing it.

The group looted the dragon for scales, teeth. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} found some platinum pieces
and, more importantly, an old helmet with "ears" (Helm of comprehending
languages), with which he seemed to be able to cast a spell. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} found a
"dagger of warning".

Not wanting to linger longer than neccessary in this place, the group took the
remaining horses from the stables and made their way down the mountain towards
Phandalin.
