---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 10th through 13th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Back home in Phandalin.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh10th.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 10th (cont.)

Fleeing from the castle, with noises of cultists in pursuit behind us, we made
it down the mountain unharmed. In a forest on the foot of the mountainside, we
encountered two Ettins (two-headed giants) bickering over a dead brown bear.
When our attemt to sneak around them failed, we killed one of the creatures,
causing the other one to flee. 

# Tarsakh 11th

After one night in the wilderness, we arrived in Phandalin at the late
afternoon of the 11th of Tarsakh, and made a beeline for the Stonehill Inn.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} threw himself into a performance, announcing our slaying of the White
Dragon and that the danger for Phandalin has been dealt with. Before we settled
for an evening of feasting, we stopped by Harbin Wester's house and handed him
a dragon tooth. He was visibly relieved that the dragon is no more. Old coward.
In the Inn we learned some interesting news: Apparently, the danger to
Phandalin was not the dragon itself, but the creatures he drove from the
mountainside, most notably an Orc warband. Also, news of our deeds have made
the rounds in the area and our name is becoming somewhat famous. We were not
sure whether this is a good thing, as this is directing more attention from the
dragon cultists towards us. We spent a restful night in the Tavern, {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} in the
arms of his beloved barmaid, who almost fainted at the tales of his heroism.

# Tarsakh 12th

The next day, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} got a hard lesson in economics, as they got
ripped off selling items to the local blacksmith. Shortly after, we made our
way to the {% include glossary_link.html title="Wave Echo Cave" %}, full of anticipation what the Rockseeker brothers
have done with the place. As it turns out, they have been busy in our absence,
erecting a shop in front of the cave and producing magic items at a rapid pace.
Since they cannot share many profits with us yet, they offered some magic items
as a sign of their gratitude: Kayja received 10 magically improved Bolts and
the promise of a bag of holding next time we pass through. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} exchanged
his shield for an improved and now magic shield. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} got his pan magically
enhanced and polished as well as a ring of protection. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} received silent
splint armor, making him more sneaky, as well as some gauntlets of strength.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} refused any gifts, instead giving them items. He, as well as Kayja handed
over some dragon scales as materials for them to craft more magic items. 

As we headed back to Phandalin to arrive next day, we discussed what we
should do next in our grand quest to take down the dragon cult...
