---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 16th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Off to familiar places.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh10th.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 16

Stale air greeted us as we descended into the dungeon, accompanied by
Will-o'-wisps. These creatures, harmless as they might seem, cannot be
trusted. They almost lured {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} into a trap, a pit in the ground. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}
did a split over the gap and helped people across it. Right in the next room,
we found a skeleton horse. It seemed friendly.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} squeezed through a narrow corridor into a room with two sarcophagi, one
of which turned out to be trapped with poison when he tried to open it. The
inscriptions were in dwarvish and revealed that two warriors from the
Neverwinter Hobgoblin Tribe were buried here, probably where {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s from.

Then there was another room, with two more sarcophagi. The inscriptions read,
in dwarvish, "Thoredim Longaxe", Thoredims father and "Nerel", {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s
mother. Kayja discovered some murals that told the story of Hobgoblins and
Dwarves forming an alliance, presumably to kill the green dragon. The dragon
that was killing their people. Nerel being killed by the dragon - and in her
hand a sword with a hilt, shaped like a dragon spanning its wings.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} staid back to pay their respects, after a while only
Posmet remained while {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} joined the others. When the group wanted to
leave, they were attacked by the Will-o'-wisps that have gathered around the
stairs. While the rest of the group was engaged in combat, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}, unbeknown
to them, was getting the sword from his mother's grave.

After finishing the fight outside, we took a short rest to gather back our
strength and process what we just had seen before moving on to Neverwinter.
