---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 9th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: In the moist dungeon below the castle.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh8th.jpg"
---

## 9th of Tarsakh (cont.)

We remain in the dungeon under {% include glossary_link.html title="Castle Naerytar" %} for the moment. We tried to hide
from Jos and Rezmir who stormed down the stairs towards the teleportation
circle. When that failed for part of the group, we tried to pass as cultists
who were just on their way up to join the fighting. Rezmir saw through our plot
though and a fight ensued. Unfortunately, Jos managed to use the commotion to
disappear while casting a spell, presumably to activate the teleportation
circle. When we knocked Rezmir out and found some interesting items on her:

- A Mask of a black dragon, that went to {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}. We are not sure what it is for but it emanates a strong magic aura and seems valuable to Rezmir
- Rezmir's Sword, also magical, went to {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}
- An Amulet with a purple stone, with a dragon claw engraved. Puzzling...
- 30 Gold

Despite various attempts, Rezmir refuses to give us any information, only
babbling about {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} rising, about how she does not fear death and will be
avenged. We finally decide to keep her tied up and toss her into a little side
chamber while we go on exploring the dungeon. Deeper underground, the ground
gets increasingly muddy. We fight back 2 more Bullywugs and a bunch of very
nasty centipedes as we move deeper and depper into the dungeon. What will we
find?
