---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 9th (still....)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Carving out all secrets of this swampy castle.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh8th.jpg"
---

# 9th of Tarsakh (cont.)

While running on fumes, we finished clearing out the remainder of the castle.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} started studying those two books on dragons that we found in hopes to
gather some knowledge that we can use in our fight against dragons and the
cult. In a room looking like an office, we found a note with enigmatic words
and corresponding location names. Are these code words to activate the
teleportation circle? We also saw some weird dragon statues made out of onyx,
which {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} stripped for gemstones. Behind the office, there was a meditation
chamber with a terrifying mural of {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} - the evil dragon goddess, banished
to the nine hells by her sister Bahamut, goddess of metallic dragons. So this
is what the creature that the cultists want to resurrect looks like!

{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} found an amulet made out of dyed wood that has a faint smell and taste
of ale when licked. It now has a place around his neck right next to the sign
of the order of the gauntlet, representing what he values most in life: Justice
and Ale!

In a stroke of genius, we managed to pass the tentacle monster in the
trash-filled tower with a mixture of threatening it and giving it some corpses
to eat. The room above greeted us with three spectres that knocked {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} out
before we could defeat them. We discovered three maps of constellations, one
each made out of parchment, copper and clay.

Now that the castle is finally cleared out, we are getting some well-deserved
shut-eye before tomorrow, we will try to travel via teleportation-circle to
Icespirce Peak, and from there make our way to Phandalin.

