---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 9th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Below the swampy castle with frogs.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh8th.jpg"
---

## 9th of Tarsakh (cont.)

We descended into the dungeon underneath the castle. It was moist and cold, the
walls slick. Generally an uncomfortable environment for non-frog creatures.
After arriving downstairs, we sent the Bullywug that has led us back up and
started exploring the little cave that spread out ahead. In a little water
reservoir, we found some gems and gold, but unfortunately also a Grey Blob that
attacked us and corroded Thoredims armor.

After climbing a ledge, we found ourselves in an area covered by dense mist
with three paths ahead. The one on the left opened to a large underground lake
that turned out to be inhabited by at least three giant frogs when {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}
threw a pebble in. So we decided not to pursue any further at the moment. The
one on the right led to a chamber with strange markings on the ground - a
teleportation circle! We neither knew the destination nor the code word to open it, however.
A Bullywug came to check out the noise we were making, but did not discover us
and once more we were thoroughly impressed by {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}'s broccoly-fueled acrobatics!

Following the path in the middle, we found ourselves at the entrance to the
underground Bullywug shrine, right in the middle of a ceremony. After failing
to sneak back out, we bluffed and managed to send half of the Bullywugs to the
surface. The remaining five and the leader we disposed of in a brief but fierce
fight. We found out the shrine was a crude reference to "Ghaunadaur", god of
slimes and another vile god, and took two spellbooks from an adjacent room. We
tried to get useful information concerning the portal out of Pharblex the
leader, but to no avail.

Hearing a commotion from the direction we came from, we feared that the
Bullywugs we had sent away returned with reinforcements. However, the sounds
hinted at some fighting happening upstairs. Has the revolution of the Lizard
People begun on its own? Heading towards the stairs, we suddenly caught a
glimpse of a black Dragonborn and the Wizard Jos rushing downstairs. Will they
try to escape through the portal? Should be stop them or let them use it to see
where it goes? We only have seconds to decide!
