---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 28th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: A greeting with too many arms
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh18th.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 28th

After the initial shock of being greeted by a giant four-armed troll on the
other side of the teleportation circle, we followed it to the Hunting Lodge
while trying to formulate a plan. We would claim to be double agents, sent by
Severin to kill {% include glossary_link.html title="Talis the White" %}. We supposedly had a change of heart and
decided to tell her instead. At the lodge, Talis and some of her minions
already awaited us. She claimed that she had sent for us - not sure if there
was a Mixup but we went through with our plan.

Talis was not surprised, which confirmed to us that she was indeed disloyal.
She was upset that the White Dragon Mask was taken from her and given to a
dwarf instead. She now wants to claim leadership from Severin, for which she
required our help: We are to go to the village of Parnast and intercept the
Cloud Castle there. By losing the castle and the loot in it, Talis hopes to
weaken Severin's position. She said she does not care what happens to the
castle, which made the group immediately even more interested. To get into the
castle, she equipped us with the passphrase: "{% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}, our mother and strength"
plus a banner. There also seems to be a white dragon in the castle, named
"Cloudchaser", of which Talis was pretty fond.

Chatting with her afterwards, we learned more about the other two leaders of the cult who may be disloyal:
- Naergoth Bladelord, owner of Saerloon - he is very old and mainly interested in raising undead dragons. Might be dissatisfied with the new direction the cult has taken by trying to raise {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}
- IskanderJorgen Pawl - owns the blue dragon mask

We also learned that all masks together can raise {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}. We better watch that
black mask of ours (apparently it cannot be easily destroyed). After a while
Talis got weary of our obviously simple questions and we decided to end the
conversation and retire to our chambers.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} goes invisible and sneaks into Talis chamber, where he finds her writing
something in draconic, while trapping himself in the room with her. Kayja
meanwhile turns into a bat and explores around the castle from the outside. She
senses Fynns misfortune and, after returning to the castle in humanoid form,
sends up for tea for Talis, so that a servant would open the door to her
chamber. Ever the gambler, {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} grabs some papers from Talis desk and barely,
barely slips out the door thanks to his lucky feat.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} angrily translates the notes as part of a set of instructions to
reconfigure teleportation circles before storming out to sleep somewhere else.
He is upset with {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} for taking such risks. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} thus tries to return the
papers before their absence catches Talis eye, but it is too late. When you
have a hammer, every problem is a nail, they say. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %}, in an effort to
distract her, decides Talis is another nail for him to hammer.

