---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 9th (still...)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Cleaning the house, looking in every corner!
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh8th.jpg"
---

## 9th of Tarsakh (cont.)

After the battle has been fought, we continue to search the castle. We find a
man's chamber with the a weird collection of stuff, a lot of them women's
toiletries. Is someone in this castle a man passing as a woman? {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} found 2
combs with gems (each 20GP) and 1 precious hand mirror (50GP).

In another room we stumble upon four remaining culists and a higher ranking
"Dragon Wing". The regular cultists we disposed of very quickly, the Dragon
wing proved hardier - and had actual wings!

In the castles high tower, we discovered a telescope that was pointed at a cave
at a mountain range in the distance. Could this be a dragon's lair? Just as we
remember the location, four gargoyles in the room come to life and attack us.
This is when {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} shows a power previously hidden to the rest of the party,
summoning a black sphere, seemingly devouring one of the gargoyles. That
gargoyle is now trapped on the surface of this small sphere that {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} carries
around with him at all times.

There are so many loose ends at this point, trying to tie them all up will keep
the group incredibly busy:

- Inside the castle: What treasures are there to be found on the third floor? How can we cut this supply line for the cultist's raids in the area?
- Can we find out how to activate the teleportation circle and where it leads?
- The presumed "dragon lair" in the mountain range near the castle
- What is the dragon mask that shan is now carrying about? What about the two spellbooks we took?
- Phandalin is endangered by a white dragon and has called for aid
