---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 18th through 28th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: The long way back
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh18th.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 18

In the morning at the Shining Serpent Inn, Tysra gave {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} a note from
{% include glossary_link.html title="Ontharr Frume" %}, telling the group to go to the Hunting Lodge, because the
cultist who runs the location "Talis the White" might be disloyal to the
cult. We should investigate and give her note - to that end, she gave us a
scroll of sending.

As we walked to the city, an inconspicuous person chatted {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} up, and gave
her some information in Thieves cant:

 - The cult is led by a person named Severin
 - Three high-ranking members seems to be no longer loyal:
   - {% include glossary_link.html title="Nairgoth Bladelord" %}
   - Talis the white
   - {% include glossary_link.html title="Iskander Jorgen Pawl" %} -- they were not sure about his role in the cult
 - Some cultists are now in "Parnast", towards the Greypeak mountains. A small village where they will receive the Cloud Castle from the Cloud Giants

After some bickering between Kaiya and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} about whose faction is
better, the group embarked on their six-day trip to {% include glossary_link.html title="Phandalin" %}. After four
days, they encountered a halfling woman, a merchant, who seemed to be another
cousin of {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}. Her cart expanded to a tent filled with various
items, some of which the group bought:

 - A potion of superior healing -> {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}
 - A Clockwork Amulet - {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} -- needs to be identified
 - A Necklace of Adaption - {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} -- needs to be identified
 - A vial of liquid that smells like roses: Philter of Love - {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %}

In Phandalin, as a first order of business, we returned {% include glossary_link.html title="Barten" %}'s cart
undamaged to his confused apprentice - and felt pretty good about it! {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %}
seduced the barmaid. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} got her Bag of Holding delivered from the Wave
Echo Cave.

# Tarsakh 28th

We have made our way to the Icespire Peak. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} transformed into a bat to
scout out the castle at the peak. The others meanwhile got attacked by a
brown bear but could quickly discourage it.

Since {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} discovered that the castle was inhabited by cultists again, we
had to come up with a plan to reach the transportation circle somehow. We
decided to dress up as cultists, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} wearing the Dragon Mask, and pose as..
sanitary inspectors? Somehow, the guards at the entrance saw through our ruse
and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} had a chance to make some additions to his sphere.

We dressed up as cultists, and activated the transportation circle to the
hunting lodge. Our goal is to gain an audience with the leader and check
where his allegiance lies. However, as we arrived at the other side of the
portal, we immediately got attacked by a four-armed troll.

