---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 29th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: A piece of Shans past
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh29thparnast.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 29th

After a restful night in the hunting lodge, the group received directions to
Parnast from Talis, as well as a Scroll of Sending, to inform her once the
deed is done. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}, who had decided to sleep in a stable outside the
castle, was awakened by some curious guard drakes sniffing him. Later he will
convince {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} to ride one.

On our short trip to Parnast, we came upon a broken down shack. In it, we
found carvings that point to {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}'s monastery! We also use this location to
send a message to Tysra of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Order of the Gauntlet" %} in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}. She
instructed us to bring the castle to waterdeep, once we seized control of it.

Arriving in Parnast, we immediately spotted the cloud castle floating above
the village. Now all we needed was a way up. Word is a fellow named
"Othelstan" at the Golden Tankard inn could take us up. While we waited, a
villager named Gunderlin approached {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and claimed he knew {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}'s master
Ning Ying (?), when he was in this town decades ago. Apparently, the monks of
{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}'s order travel across the world as a sort of rite of passage. So this is
where the carvings in the hut were from! Gunderlin apparently is a huge
worshipper of the order, ever since the master was in their village. In fact,
he has built an altar of sorts at his home, with the old staff of Ning Ying
(?) at its center. Back then, the master said to give the staff to a worthy
student - thus {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} receives Grandmaster Ning Yings Quarterstaff! Gunderlin
in turn hopes that we rid the town of cultists...
