---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 29th (still)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: A castle made out of clouds?!
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh29thcloudcastle.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 29th

At Parnast, we were waiting for a way to get to the cloud castle. To pass the
time, Posmet and {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} tried to intimidate the two cultists who they tasked
with watching "their" Drake, Larry. Eventually, we found the dwarf Othelstan
who told us to stay put and rode up to the castle on a Wyvern.

While the caravan on the ground and the castle in the sky arrived at Parnast,
we discussed what to do with the indestructible black dragon mask. We agreed
to ask around at Waterdeep, possibly with the {% include glossary_link.html title="Order of the Gauntlet" %}. For now,
we placed it in Kajyas bag of holding, to make it harder to detect.

Finally, the castle descended, an intimidating structure made out of white
icy material. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} carried a box with a cultist to the castle, striking
up a conversation. The cultist was excited that after this mission, they
would go to the "Well of Dragons" to witness the summoning of {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}. He
could not tell where this location is though. Kayja also questioned a
cultist, learning that this castle has a lot of inhabitants at the moment:

- Cultists
- Ogres
- Rumors of a Vampire
- A white dragon

What was notably absent, however, are the Cloud Giant themselves. We were
wondering what kind of deal the cultists have struck with the Giants to use
their castle. Or maybe they took it by force? Especially since historically,
Giants were at war with dragons.

As we entered the castle, we entered the first room that we saw, because we
had no better plan. As part of the group ended up in the sleeping chambers,
trying to keep their cover, Posmet and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} walked into the stables, almost
starting a fight with 2 Wyverns. They could lock them back in at the last
moment, but the commotion alarmed the other cultists. Their boss confronted
{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} who pulled the "We are undercover, the castle might be in danger"-card
once more. This might become our signature move.

The boss thus wanted to take us to Rezmir! She is apparently back, although
heavily wounded. We better find a way out of this situation fast.