---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 26th (continued)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Ambush in the library
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 26

The cultists that tried to trap us in the lower levels of the Fountain of
Knowledge soon wished they never had done so. We killed five of them,
incapacitated the last two and tried to squeeze them for information. They told
us that the goal of their ambush was to get back the black dragon mask. So this
information is out there which means we have a huge target on our back now. When
we could get no further useful information out of the cultists, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} suddenly
stabs one of them with his "ice knife", which makes him disappear. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} are quite shocked at this, but {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} simply says the cultist is
"imprisoned and in a safe place", which was our plan with him anyways.
Just...you know... with the proper authorities!

Before we turned the other cultist over to the guards, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} found an Orb of
Dragon Breath on him. Furthermore, as a gesture of gratitude, Elias gave {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} a
"{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}'s Cauldron of Snacking". He also told us he would so some more research on
the masks and orbs and tell us when the dragon council meeting would be
starting.

Afterwards, there was some discussion in the group what we would like behind,
inspired by {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s interest in the dwarven statue we found on the way to
Waterdeep. Posmet and {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} don't care about these things, and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} would simply
like to leave behind a bunch of full bellies, people that are made happy by his
cooking.

Back to Earl's tavern, where {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} was attempting to establish contact with the
Zentharim. She had some connection with them, as "Victor" (??) was part of them.
We were looking out for one of them, possibly recognizable by their sigil, a
snake with wings. As we tried to bribe the barkeep, a dark-skinned tiefling
woman, which we recognize from the council meeting as Rean Nightshade, entered.
We pushed {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} forward and they engaged in conversation which quickly turned to
our interest in the dragon mask they possess and what price they would charge.
Rean explained that rather than coin, she wants an item retrieved for them. It
was currently in the possession of a private collector, member of one of the rich
families of {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}. We would find more information at a drop off point known
to {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} at dawn. After we fulfilled our part of the bargain, we should tell
Viktor "The Griffin's nest has been raided".

The next morning, we collected the information: The family's name is "Annakyl"
(?) and the item we shall retrieve is called a "Infiltrator's Key". Facing this
mission, the group got a case of guilty conscience and started discussing
whether they should really break into a family's mansion or rather ask for the
key...

---

## Open Quests

### {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}

- Retrieve the "Infiltrator's Key" for Rean Nightshade to get information on the white dragon mask.

### General

- Go with Elias to the Dragon council meeting
- Retrieve the Green Orb from the Yuan-Ti (Elias has more information)
- Black dragon by the mountains near Naeritar
- Find Draakhorn (probably in Severin's possession now)
- Save the Cloud Giant's Daughter, Aiziar, who was taken by the cultists
