---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 5th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: The council meeting
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

In front of the building where the meeting was to be held we met {% include glossary_link.html title="Tysra" %},
Shanliang and Feilong. Happy to not be on our own. As we went inside, we were
brought to a huge three-story tall hall, filled with people. In the middle there
stood a large table, around which the council members had assembled:

- {% include glossary_link.html title="Ontharr Frume" %} (of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Order of the Gauntlet" %})
- Master Shifu
- Lord Neverember (a tall, gray-haired man)
- Remalia Haventree (A thin, blonde elven woman, suspected to be a member of the harpers)
- Reidorff (whom we met in Thundertree. He is part of the “{% include glossary_link.html title="Emerald Enclave" %}”, a organization of druids)
- Uldar Ravenguard (a darkskinned, tall man, head of the “Flaming Fist” city guard of Baldur’s Gate)
- Rean Nightshade (Tiefling woman, of the thieves guild)
- Vajra Blackstaff – a dark woman with a staff and book
- Various Nobles of the city

The discussion had already started and revolved around whether the factions
should act to crush the cultists or not. As the turn was our to speak, we made a
point for destroying the cult, saying that while some individuals might be
redeemable, the cult as such had to be eradicated from the face to the world.
Even more so before they can fulfill their plan and raise {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}.

We offered our help, which Master Shifu gladly accepted. He laid out the
following mission for us: There is an ancient device called DRAAKHORN, which can
summon all chromatic dragons. We would be sent to retrieve it and bring it back
to {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}. Its current location was believed to be in the “sea of moving
ice”. The last adventurer to go after it, a bird person (Aarakocra) called ???,
had disappeared.

The sea is home to a dragon called “Arauthator”, also known as the “Old White
Death”. He lives there with his mate “White Worm” (aka “Collector of people”).
Together they had an offspring called “Cloudchaser”, which incidentally was the
one we killed in the Cloud Giant’s castle.

To shorten the trip, we could use the nearest teleportation circles in Lasken or
Mirabar. Icewind Dale is the last settlement before entering the sea of ice.

As our time in the limelight came to a close, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} turned around for one
more attempt at a passionate speech to sway the council to crush the cult. He
failed miserably though and the group was ushered out to the audience ranks.
Here we sat and had to watch the council members letting their petty politics
get in the way of a solution for hours. It dawned on us more and more that this
council would not act anytime soon and if we wanted the cult stopped, we had to
act ourselves.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} meanwhile kept an eye on suspicious audience members, engaging one in a
conversation.

After the meeting, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} seized the chance to talk to master Shifu.
Interestingly, the wise master immediately saw through Kaiyas shapeshifting
ability and recognized that she is a changeling. He also already has arranged a
teleport to Lasken. There we would meet a human male called “Frostskimmer”, a
ranger that knows the area well. From there, it is an eight-day travel to the
sea of moving ice.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} asked about Remalia Haventree, who she suspected might be a covert cult
member. Master Shifu told us, her husband was murdered and now she was the
leading representative of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Harpers" %} at the council.

We would meet the next day at Blackstaff’s tower, where equipment and transport
would be provided for us. Until then, we still had some errands to run:

- Find out more about the {% include glossary_link.html title="Zhentarim" %}, who are probably in the possession of the white dragon mask right now
- Prepare for the trip, get equipment if necessary
- Talk to Remalia Haventree and find out more about the cult. Make sure she is not a cultist

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} decided to talk to Remalia right away. She was friendly and seemed honest,
and she kept talking about an ominous “family friend” that helped her understand
the dangers of the cult. As we bid our farewells, she asked to meet again after
coming back from retrieving the Draakhorn. Finally, she advised us to find the
white dragon mask and hide it well.

We tried to purchase some armor for better frost resistance at the “Halls of
Hilmer” (a magic armory), but after hearing the price tags (6000 GPs for a
frost-restistant breastplate), we decided on getting potions instead.

Open:

- Ask {% include glossary_link.html title="Ontharr Frume" %} to make an introduction to the High Priest, who could know more about {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}’s magic sphere.
- Find white dragon mask
- Get frost resistance potions
- Talk to Remalia Haventree when we’re back in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}
