---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 29th (still!!!!)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Of dead giants and living dragons.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh29thcloudcastle.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 29th - one last time

After we finished up with Esclarotta, we left the oval cave and headed
straight to Blagothkus halls. Time to talk to the boss himself. The guard
ogre at the door let us in as we told him we had information on Blagothkus
daughter.

It took some convincing to make Blagothkus believe that we are not of the
{% include glossary_link.html title="Dragon Cult" %} and wanted to help him. First, he wanted us to swear that we
would save his daughter. After we told him, in all honesty, that we could not
possible swear that, he took an oath from {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} instead to do everything
we can to try and save her, sworn in the name of Torm - and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s dead
father.

Our alliance secured, we went to the door that led to the navigation room.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}, in a rare display of her abilities, turned into Rezmir, thus
activating the door. As we entered the room, we were greeted by the strangest
sight. Runes everywhere, floating lights, and a view of the entire
surrounding. Blagothkus set a new course, but refused to tell us where to.
All we knew at this point is, we were around 10 days from {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}, and
about 5 days from the Well of Dragons. This meant we had a maximum of five
days until the cultists on the castle would know that something was off.

Sunystyl the Vampire showed up again, confronting {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} with her
shapeshifting abilities. She said that our Rogue reminded her of someone she
knew a couple years back. A female who met her demise back then. And a man
who was at her side. Kajya responded "so you knew my father!" Sunystyl
replied: "So do you!", but refused to give any more information until our
little adventure here was over.

What to do in our days ahead? A lengthy discussion arose on the morality of
using the time to dispose of cultists. Are they all truly evil? What about
facing them in combat versus setting traps for them? It is the greater evil
to let them live, to continue their evil ways? {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} especially had second
thoughts at the prospect of going on a killing spree in the castle.
Eventually, we decided to get the vampires to help us recognize which
cultists are on Severins side and whom to spare. The vampire would tell his
followers to wear a symbol, a small black crescent moon.

As we eventually took our rest, we prepared for an upcoming day of bloodshed.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} asked {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} whether he intends to fulfil his sword's demand for a
dragon kill, to which {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} seemed to ponder a while "Maybe tomorrow..."
