---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 4th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Exploring Waterdeep and sharing lighthearted stories from the past.
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

Mirtul 4

*Supplement from last time: {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} has contracted an "Amulet of comprehend
languages" at Chalos Wondrous Vault that should be ready in a few days. He also
asked him to find out more about {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s sphere. So we should definitely check
back with Chalos before we leave {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}.*

---

By now it was the early afternoon in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} and we discussed how to spend the
rest of the day. Our first stop would be the city’s headquarters of the Order of
the Gauntlet, the “Halls of Justice”. We wanted to report back to {% include glossary_link.html title="Tysra" %}
Stormhorn who had sent us on the mission to the Cloud Giant’s Castle in the
first place, and maybe find out more about Posmet’s sphere.  {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} somehow
seemed especially eager.

The Halls of Justice were an intimidating stone structure, serving both as the
Order’s headquarters and as a temple for Tyr and Torm.

Tyr seemed to be the primary deity of the temple, an imposing god that has lost
his right hand in a mythical battle.

At this occasion, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} confided in {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} that even though he was officially
of Torm’s faith, he did not know any rites to serve or pray to him. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} sagely
advised him to just mimic the other believers in the temple.

We found a guard – a slightly condescending elf – that could lead us to {% include glossary_link.html title="Tysra" %},
who was studying in the temple’s library. As we crossed the temple, we saw many
people intensely sunken in prayer.

Finally finding Tysra, a little awkwardness ensued on {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}’s side, who is
neither experienced how to deal with other dwarves nor with women.

After reporting back to her, she recommended two leads to find out more about
the Sphere: First, next door was the “Temple of Oghma”, (the Lord of Knowledge),
where we could surely find more information if we were willing to dig into the
library there. Otherwise, next next day at the council meeting, there would be a
High Priest who might know some more about this artifact. {% include glossary_link.html title="Ontharr Frume" %} could
make an introduction.

At the end, {% include glossary_link.html title="Tysra" %} agreed to meet the group at the “Singing Sword” for drinks
later that night, much to “someone’s” delight.

After all this, the group agreed it was time to relax and clean themselves up a
bit at a bathhouse. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} is hesitant at first, but then changes into a handsome
male human and joins the group in the tub.

We used the occasion to share a round of stories from our youth:

- {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} used to steal some food with a friend at the monastery he grew up in. One day he got caught and as a punishment, had to learn hundreds of years of dwarven history, of which he retained almost nothing
- {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}, at his monastery, had to walk the 9999 steps, twice! It is unclear (maybe even to him) whether this was punishment from his master, or simply training
- {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} also used to steal food, with his brother, from a windowsill in the place he grew up in
- When it was {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}’s turn to share her story, she told of her attempt to settle down a couple years back. She bought a house in a little village named Amphail, moved there, eventually even found a nice man she fell in love with. One day she overheard a conversation that this man was suspicious of her wealth and planned to trick her, aided by his best friend. She killed both of them in a gruesome way, killing the friend first, then changing into him to kill man she used to love in the shape of his best friend.

We also found out that we don’t actually know what her real shape is, or if
she has ever revealed that to us.

Afterwards, we shared another round of stories, this time our favorite moments
with {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}, concluding with a heartfelt cheers to him, wherever he may be.
