---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 26th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Running MORE errands in Waterdeep
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 26th

After picking up {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s Dwarven Plate Armor, the group went to see Remalia
Haventree. A slightly stiff half-elf assistant gave us an appointment with her
for 3pm and we used the time in between to have lunch at a food stall called
Bao's Baos.

Remalia wanted to meet us, it turns out, to introduce us to an ally: Elia, owner
of the Fountain of Knowledge, a large Library / Archive located in a
multi-storied building in the middle of {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}. Elia first appeared to be a
blonde, very old Halfling, but as the conversation quickly brought to light, was
actually a 1000 year old Bronze Dragon! {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} asked all kind of awkward questions
that nevertheless gave us some highly interesting insights. Elia, in her true
form, is called Illentran, a gargantuan dragon. She owns this library since all
dragons like to collect things, she just chose books. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} was very
suspicious about a dragon standing right next to him, claiming to be good.
Illentran noticed and gave a short history lesson on dragons and the differences
between chromatic and metallic dragons.

Illentran was on the "Council of Dragons", a council of the "Great Old Ones",
who were currently discussing whether they should intervene in the situation
with the Cultists. They would meet again in 10-14 days, so Illentran asked us to
come along to report our experiences with the Cultists to the council.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} then showed Illentran his balls, which got her very excited. She led us
to a room deep within the library to show us a book on the Serpent Hills. In
them, people called the Yuan-Ti live who worship a green orb. This could be our
next goal.  In our concentration we didn't notice the library becoming quieter.
Only a couple people remained who looked suspiciously like Dragon Cultists...

---

## Open Quests

### {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}

- Find Zhentarim to acquire the white dragon mask. Go to “Earls Tavern” in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} to find them.
- Talk to Remalia Haventree (Leading Rep of the "{% include glossary_link.html title="Harpers" %}" at the council. Told us to come see her again when we're back)
- (T): Find out more about Nemdam Hillfinger

### General

- Black dragon by the mountains near Naeritar
- Find Draakhorn (probably in Severin's posession now)
- Save the Cloud Giant's Daughter, Aiziar, who was taken by the cultists
