---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 29th (still!)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: We don't want to fight half a dozen ogres...
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh29thcloudcastle.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 29th (cont.)

Here we were, in the middle of the courtyard of the Cloud Giant's castle,
surrounded by cultists and ogres and trying to lead the Officer of the
cultists *Philarion Valven* away from his plan to bring us to Rezmir. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}
tried to convince him that Rezmir *is* the infiltrator, the true Rezmir has
died in {% include glossary_link.html title="Castle Naerytar" %}. Luckily we have her *Black Dragon Mask* to back up
our story. The cultist was not convinced but the seed of doubt was enough
that he heard us out. We talked him into going to a private chamber to talk,
accompanied by only two other cultists. There, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} charged him and
successfully pushed him off the edge of the balcony - only to discover that
those sons of bitches could fly with their uniforms! A brief fight ensued,
but the cultists never really stood a chance. We used this chance to upgrade
our disguises to some higher-ranking cultist uniforms, which now have the
ability to fly 30ft (as a BA).

As we heard more cultists approaching in the hallway we decided, for whatever
reason, to voice-act and orgy in the chambers. Successfully luring in the
remaining cultists and the air war clear once more. A hint was also dropped
that Posmet and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} have some experience in escaping from somewhere
together...mysterious!

We were now faced a problem: What to do with the cultists that we had
collected in this room, unconscious but alive? The majority of the group was
against killing them, but leaving them there would risk them sounding an
alarm down the line. This would endanger our plan to capture the command room
and stealthily steer the castle to {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}. Eventually, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} cast *Hunger
of Hadar*, to add the cultists to the growing collection in his Orb -
trapped, but alive.

Exploring more of the interior of the first floor, Kayja found to our
surprise, *Abras Jos*, the Red Wizard in the northeasternmost chamber. In
another chamber we discovered Rezmir, together with two Guard Drakes. Trying
to circumvent a fight, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} cast another *Hunger of Hadar* into that
chamber, while we held the door shut. After a minute had passed and the spell
had ceased, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} discovered the two guard drakes on his sphere, together
with a surprise: A rug of smothering! The other surprise: Rezmir is not on
the sphere. It looks as if we will not be able to avoid this confrontation
after all...
