---
layout: post
title: Tarsakh 29th (still!!!)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: The plot thickens.
background: "/img/posts/tarsakh29thcloudcastle.jpg"
---

# Tarsakh 29th (cont.)

As we deliberated what to do next, we stumbled upon a dragon cultist patrol
that sent us downstairs for dinner. While most of the group had dinner and
tried to be inconspicuous, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} interrogated some of the kobolds. What we
found out:

- Severin killed *Blagothkus'* wife and imprisoned his daughter at the Well of the Dragons. This is why the giants help the cultists!
- The Dragon they keep in this castle is called "*Glazhael the Cloudchaser*"
- There are two more giants here, called *Wigluf* and *Huldar*

Afterwards, a little after dusk, we met with the vampires at the foot of
their tower. A strange fog had settled in the courtyard. The two vampire
spwans were now accompanied by their master, a Dark Elf turned vampire called
*Sunystyl*. She claimed to hail from up north, just being her "as a favor for
an old friend". This friend turned out to be Naergoth Bladelord, another of
the cultist leaders that do not like the direction the cult is taking under
Severin's leadership. Severin's goal is to raise {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}, while Naergoth
prefers the old goal of the cult - keeping undead dragons. This means,
unlikely as it seems, the creepy vampire and we are working towards the same
goal: Removing Severin as leader of the cult. The vampire gave us the tip to
focus on the masks - without masks, no {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}. A refresher:

- Black Mask -> we took it from Rezmir. Currently in our Bag of Holding
- Red Mask -> Severin, at the Well of the Dragons
- White Mask -> from {% include glossary_link.html title="Talis the White" %} to a dwarf called *Varram*, currently probably on his way to the Serpent hills
- Green Mask -> Neronvain, an Elf, in the Misty Forest
- Blue Mask -> Galvan (?), also at the Well of the Dragons

Sunystyl also told us why Abras Jos' motivation is for being here: He
probably wants to gain {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}'s favor to end *Szass Tam's* reign of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Thay" %},
his home.

Afterwards, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} climbed the tower with the guard Orgres once more and
tries to convince the one currently there that he really, really needed to
pee. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} does this by convincing the Ogre that he is a second head growing
out of his shoulder... and why this is a good thing ("I always wanted to
fight someone without looking at them!"). The Ogre finally climbed down, we
went up and said the magic word "Esclarotta!"

BAM - we found ourselves in an oval cave, with nothing in it but a huge
sarcophagus in the middle, containing Blagothkus wive. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} talks to the
sarcophagus... and she answers! Turns out, Esclarottas spirit is what keeps
the castle afloat!

From her, we learn the name of their daughter: Aiziar.
