---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 16th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Fighting the Old White Death
background: "/img/posts/glacier.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 16th

No time to talk to {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}! With an enormous rumble, the whole ship we were
standing on crashed 60 feet into the depth. We could only save ourselves thanks
to our dragon cultist cloaks. As we regained our bearings, we found ourselves
now inside a gigantic ice cave - with the Dragon right there, looking at us.

Immediately, we had to prepare for a fight. The first attack of the dragon with
his ice breath made it clear that he was a formidable enemy, possibly way
stronger than us. At first, we did no damage at all to the dragon, but after a
while we gained our footing and a fierce battle took place. Suddenly Lenka came
out of nowhere to help, a welcome sight! {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} went down, to be rescued by
Shan and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s Dragon Blade got its first taste of blood.

Finally, and somewhat unexpectedly, we gained the upper hand and the dragon
decided to flee, diving into the icy water, but not before issuing a threat that
we would meet again.

We searched the cave for loot and found some real treasures:

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}:
- a unidentified weapon (+2)
- Interdimensional Shackles

{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}:
- Censer of Controling Air Elementals
- Cloak of Displacement

{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}:
- Leather armor of cold resistance
- Boots of speed

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}:
- a unidentified weapon (+2)
- Drians Fortress

Poor {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} must be so confused. Finally now we had time to talk to him about what happened...
