---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 25th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Back to Waterdeep
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 25

We reached the gates of {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} on the late afternoon of Mirtul 25 and decided
that the first order of business should be to deliver WanRenMi to Master ShiFu
and inform him of what happened up north. The fact that the Draakhorn was with
Severin didn't seem to shock him too much, he merely said "There are other ways
to stop them". He also refused our offer to get a ring of communication,
probably a wise decision. We also told him about what we found out concerning
the connection of the masks and the orbs. Finally, the party pranked {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} a
little, causing him to stay the night and train with the others.

Moving to our next destination, the three of us learn that the Cultists are
definitely a topic on the streets, but people generally feel pretty safe in
{% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}, probably because of the Walking Statues.

Next stop: Chalo's Wondrous Vault. We bought 5 scrolls of sending (which {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}
took), 3 potions of greater healing and a bag of 10 Magic Beans for {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} because
we may have felt a little guilty about leaving him behind.

Next, we went to Earl's tavern. Our goal was to scout the area, but not make a
move on any Zhentarim at this point. We would instead come back with {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} later.
We offered the staff 10 GP to "make rooms", they immediately started literally
carpentering a new room for us to sleep in. A little weird but I appreciate the
hustle.

Without the rest of us knowing, at some point in the evening, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} lured a
poor fellow outside who kept losing at his card game. He promised him to win
this night... and all the following nights. What this meant was that {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}
wanted the guy to sign a contract: Luck for a couple years chopped of that poor
sap's life: 10 years of luck, then he would die with 35. From the conversation
and afterwards, it seemed like {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} is trying to justify what he does, giving
the signee a better life, although a shorter one. However, the contract seems to
make it clear that it is the goal that the signee suffers.

The next morning, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} was woken up by Shanliang. After some breakfast and
training, he was reunited with the group, who gave him the beans and tried their
best to keep him from eating them.

Our first stop of the day was Mylar's, the smithy. She gave us the tip to go to
a dwarven friend of hers named Beldor Mountainhead that eventually sold {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}
a Dwarven Plate armor with cold resistance in exchange for 8 Dragon Scales plus
800 GPs. We should come back to pick it up the next day.  Meanwhile, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}
bought a Serpent Scale Armor (giving her full Dex modifier for her AC).

After that, we went to Blackstaff Tower. The conversation there
turned...interesting: When {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} was in his orb, he encountered a "Devil Girl"
with wings that brought him somewhere else... but where?  {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} apparently is
aware that the orb is in touch with Asmodeus, who is always looking for
followers. Apparently he offers them power in exchange for [their souls?] The
good thing is that our goals align somewhat: Asmodeus also wants to keep {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}
in hell, because he sees her as an asset.

As it transpired, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} had signed away "something" to Asmodeus, but he
couldn't read the contract.

Blackstaff decided to keep her favor open. A little shook, we left...

---

## Open Quests

### {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}

- Find Zhentarim to acquire the white dragon mask. Go to “Earls Tavern” in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} to find them.
- Talk to Remalia Haventree (Leading Rep of the "{% include glossary_link.html title="Harpers" %}" at the council. Told us to come see her again when we're back)
- (T): Find out more about Nemdam Hillfinger
- (T): Pick up Dwarven Plate Armor

### General

- Black dragon by the mountains near Naeritar
- Find Draakhorn (probably in Severin's posession now)
- Save the Cloud Giant's Daughter, Aiziar, who was taken by the cultists
