---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 7th to 15th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Oyaviggaton
background: "/img/posts/glacier.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 15

We had found ourselves swarmed by people who emerged from tents nearby.
Following {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}'s example, we raised our arms and offered food in exchange for
free passage to save our friend. Two people stepped forward, an old man who
seemed to be the tribe's chief, and an old woman, presumably the shaman. They
denied that anyone but them would be here, especially not anyone that needs
saving. In general, they seemed extremely eager to see us leave the iceberg as
fast as possible. While we talked, some circled around us, heading for the
place we came from. Others snuck to a command tent in the middle of the village
- we suspected there might be some sort of tunnel or entrance within the tent.

We lied a bit and told them we couldn't call our ship back, so if they didn't
want to throw us into the ocean, they would have to let us spend the night
here. This did not sit well with them, but they agreed - if we could win a duel
against their champion, a huge native. The group sent in {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}, who was
thoroughly overpowered and eventually had to surrender. This was a harsh
reality check for him about how effective he could be in a non-magical fight.
Luckily {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} stepped in and we convinced the tribe to give us another shot,
since they liked the spectacle.

Meanwhile, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} used the diversion to sneak away, disguised as a native. She
scouted out the tent where people seemed to be disappearing into and found
inside a hole with a pulley system installed. So our suspicions were correct
after all - this could be our entrance to the dragon's lair.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} meanwhile stunned his opponent and landed three attacks in a very strong
opening. While {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} was sneaking back, the fight took its course and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} won
against the native, by a close call. Now having secured, maybe not the
friendship, but at least some respect of the people, we got to learn their
names. The Chief: "Barking Seal". The Shaman: "Bonecarver". The Champion: "Orca
Heart". They invite us to eat and rest with them tonight and assign us one of
their iglus.

Afterwards, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} went to Barking Seal to gather more information.
He showed us, within the ice wall that surrounds the village, lots of frozen
corpses. He said: "Dangerous. Cold! One night, then you go." After this, we
were told to stay at our place until dinner, because, as they claimed, outside
would be too cold and dangerous for us. As we entered the command tent for
dinner, we found the hole and pulley system covered up with a polar bear fur.
Clearly, the village wasn't playing with open cards.

Now thoroughly suspicious, the group wasn't too keen on the idea of eating the
food they were served by the villagers. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} couldn't resist his curiosity
and nibbled on the fish, which was enough to send him into unconsciousness.
{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}, thinking on their feet, pretended to also black out.

We will see what the villagers really have in store for us...

Open Quests:

- Rescue WanRenMi
- Get Draakhorn
- Find Zhentarim to acquire the white dragon mask. Go to "Earls Tavern" in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} to find them.
- Talk to Remalia Haventree when we're back in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}
- Blackstaff, Archmage of Waterdeep, kept {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s orb to find out more about it in Candlekeep. If she discovers useful information, we owe her a favor.I
