---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 15th (continued)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Under Oyaviggaton
background: "/img/posts/glacier.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 15th

The villagers tied up the group, with Thoredim passed out and {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}
pretending to be, too. The latter two tried to keep the rose loose, however, the
villagers discovered that {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} is not unconscious and clubbed her.  Then, we
got lowered into the hole by the pulley system. Then we reached the ground, the
rope got pulled back up, effectively trapping us down there.  As we looked
around, we discovered a person in the corner. He was obviously very sick. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}
thus woke up {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} who healed the sick person, called "Mend Nets". He
explained that it is custom in the village to lower sick people down here so
they cannot infect the others. Grateful that we cured him, this villager was
much more willing to talk than the other above. He explained that they have to
obey the dragon and keep outsiders out.  We agreed that when our ways part, he
would not tell the other villagers that we went exploring the cave.

The first thing we encountered was a weird one: A room with a dozen white toads,
scribing on the walls of that room. They did not seem hostile though and thanks
to our helm of comprehend languages, we were able to talk to them. Turns out
they were archivars, old and very eager to go on long rants about historical
topics. They told us that WanRenMi came by around three months ago, but we would
not be able to safe him. Also, the dragon apparently knows about every magic
item in this cave, due to some magical connection.

Suddenly, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} heard Blackstaffs voice in his head: "The Orb is not of one of
the Old Ones, but belongs to a Fiendish One, called Asmodeus!" This was slightly
disconcerting, as Asmodeus is the devil, ruler of the Nine Hells. He was the one
that made {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} one of his champions when he was banished to hell. This is a
hot lead on the Orb that we should follow if we make it out of this cave alive.

We continued to sneak down the hall, led by {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}. In an seemingly empty room,
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} activated Lightbringer, which caught the attention of a Troll that was
standing nearby. Both partys being equally shocked to see the other one, the
troll reacted a little faster and shouted for help. A fight ensued with three
Ice Trolls and some Kobolds. The Trolls proved to be mighty adversaries since we
could only permanently kill them with fire, thus quite exhausting us. Finally,
we managed to overpower them and scare the Kobolds away.

Just as we caught our breath, we heard a familiar voice: WanRenMi!

Open Quests:

- Rescue WanRenMi
- Get Draakhorn
- Find Zhentarim to acquire the white dragon mask. Go to “Earls Tavern” in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} to find them.
- Talk to Remalia Haventree when we’re back in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}
- Blackstaff, Archmage of Waterdeep, kept {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}’s orb to find out more about it in Candlekeep. If she discovers useful information, we owe her a favor. She discovered that the Orb belonged to Asmodeus. We should meet up again.
