---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 7th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: In icy waters
background: "/img/posts/glacier.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 7

Our first day at sea passed without incident. We learned our captain's name: Lernstah Half-Face. That is because half of his face was taken by frostbite. As the day moved into the night, we got to know our crew members better:

{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} took the first watch of the night with Gelvin and learned that she was
also the ship's deck surgeon. She was more than willing to share some of her
medicinal knowledge, so {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} is now proficient in using a healer's kit.

After this, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} took the second watch with Dasave. He tried to find out
Dasave's gender, but thought it rude to ask outright. Skirting around the topic,
asking leading questions went horribly wrong though and led to some awkward
moments. Eventually, Dasave decided to put him out of his misery and revealed
that they like to be addressed as "They". They bonded a little when Dasave
helped {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} to light his newly acquired pipe with their fiery breath. This
delicate connection quickly dissolved, however, when the pipe turned out to have
a magical property and the smoke started to show {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}'s most heroic deeds,
which happen to be all about killing dragons. (At some point, they will get
talking again however, and Dasave - in her role as boatswain - will teach
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} proficiency in carpenter's tools and athletics)

{% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %}, who was apprenticing with Sidus, the Goliath Navigator, got an insight
into mapmaking. They discussed the artistic points of maps first, but at some
points moved to the ins and outs of reading maps. {% include glossary_link.html title="Fynn" %} acquired proficiency with
navigator's tools and Nature skill that night.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and Onek took the last shift, passing the time with peeling potatoes and
carrots while on the lookout. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} learned proficiency with cooking utensils and
brewing supplies plus another skill (tbd). Onek complained that something was
attacking pretty much every time they went on a trip in this area.

This quickly turned out to be true, as the ship suddenly started rocking,
throwing {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} off the crow's nest. She used her ability to polymorph into a bat
and fly back to the ship before she hit the water, but suddenly, the ship was
being attacked from both sides by Marrows. They immediately killed two of the
ship's crew and dragged two more overboard, before we could finally kill three
of them and drive the other two to flee.

As we looked at the aftermath of the battle on the ship's deck, it started to
dawn on us that this trip would not be an easy one...
