---
layout: post
title: What comes after the end?
author: Thoredim
excerpt: The aftermath
background: "/img/posts/the_end.png"
background_pos: 10% 0%
---

# Flamerule 4, right after the battle

The portal behind {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} has closed. He was falling down into Avernus, still
riding on Tiamats body. Meanwhile, for the rest of the group the realization
sunk in that {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} was actually gone and they started to look for a way to get
him back. They tried summoning the little demon that helped him produce
contracts. They tried threatening the Arcane Brotherhood who had opened the
portal in the first place. All to no avail. They gathered that {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} wasn't
coming back anytime soon, and at least partially by his own volition.
Understanding that he is, in a weird way, honor-bound to his contract with
Asmodeus, the others leave it at that, for now. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} carves a makeshift
gravestone that says "{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}, Slayer of {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}".

Kaija meanwhile went to Severin's corpse. As she looked at it, another
Doppelganger appeared from the shadows. Turns out it is Viktor - or what she had
thought of as Viktor. In reality, this is her mother, although she raised her in
the role of a "mentor". She tells her of her fathers, Severin's, wrong ways, his
falling for this cult. He had always seen a child as a mere inconvenience and
had used the mother as a tool for his machinations. In turn, the mother
sabotaged him in many ways, for example handing the blue dragon mask over to our
group. Finally, the mother said she now planned to vanish into society. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %},
although wishing her the best, explicitly asks her not to stay in touch. The
mother vanishes.

The same evening, while a victory feast was held, Thoredim seeked out {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} once
more. She said she was now planning to go to the Hunting Lodge to think about
what's next. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} tried to give her a big hug, which she resisted heavily,
trying to cast sleep and color spray. Nevertheless, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} told her that,
while the might not always have seen eye to eye on moral topics, he was glad to
know that such a competent warrior had their back in the heat of battle. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}
turned her back, shudders, but could not help smiling a little.

The next morning, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} told the others of his dream of opening a monestary,
while {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} revealed that she might go back to her old house eventually and if
they'd ever need her, they should slide a gold coin under the door. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} finally
stepped through a teleportation circle to some unknown faraway lands, the others
could only make out some snow capped mountains in the distance.

Meanwhile, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} had reached the depths of hell, where he met a tiny golden
elephant named Lulu. It convinces {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} to follow her down a river, on which
you forget more and more things as you follow it.

# The weeks after

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} started advertising his role as dragon slayer to recruit young monks. His
philosophy: Eat - fight - eat - sleep - eat. Repeat.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} settled down in the hunting lodge to think about what to do next.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} wandered to Greenest, where his mother presumably was. On the outskirts
of town, he found a dwarven lady whose face he immediately recognized as his
mother's. She didn't recognize her little {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} at first, though, having
thought him dead all those years. After a grand reunion with many tears,
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} told his mother that they had freed Thundertree and she could finally
return home. She hesitated. Finally, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} saw two red-haired dwarven
children standing in the distance, looking at them. His mother invited him to
stay for a couple of days, but he declined, saying he had to move on.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} finally arrived at a huge market, made of strange vehicles. He traded one
of the souls of his orb to send a package across the planes - a spell scroll
("Guess we shouldn't have SCATTERED so far"), his belt and his sword. He packed
it all in an enormous chest and sent it to {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}, who suddenly saw a Bony
White Devil in the middle of the forest deliver a chest to him.

# A few years later

A busy street in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}. One pub has especially many patrons going in and
out. In it, a wide selection of ales and meads from all over Faerun. The menu is
a curious mix of dwarven and eastern dishes, with a heavy reliance on potatoes.
In the corner, you see a dwarven plate armor, not a speck of dust on it. Above
it on the wall two weapons form an X, a mace and an axe. Next to it, an enormous
sword with an inscription below it: This is the sword that slayed {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}. When
the evening gets long, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} can be found sitting in the middle of the
guests, maybe opened an especially rare bottle of ale, smoking his magic pipe
that creates images and recounting stories for hours about him slaying dragons.
The frost giants up in the icy north. Elegant elves in the vast jungles to the
east. And the heros that became his companions, then his friends along the way.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} decides to use the money she made on the adventures for good, opening an
orphanage in her house to take care of children that suffered the same fate that
she has. Most of the time, she will live a normal human's life. But sometimes
she will forget herself, shooting a dagger with deadly precision at a rat and
the like.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} by now has trained his first cohort of monks, who are now out fighting
local gangs of criminals.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} has arrived in Asmodeus army, starts rising through the ranks. At one
time, he eventually meets Asmodeus himself, brazenly trying to negotiate an
Officer's title for himself, fighting demons.

# And even longer after that

Five years have passed. One day, a gold coin gets pushed under Kaiyas door with
the message "Come to the Lightning and Thunder Tavern in Waterdeep". {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}
receives a message "We have a potato emergency!". {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} makes her way to the
tavern, instinctively taking seat in the darkest, most faraway corner. She soon
gets served a drink on the house, with a dragon claw swimming in it. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} makes
a great entrance, just like the first time we met him. This time helped by his
billowing cloak. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} closes out the pub, serves the others Liquor from a
portion of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Wave Echo Cave" %} that he converted to a distillery. After some
talking about good old times, the actual topic is being brought up: It has been
five years and still no sign of {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}. We have to try to bring him back!

The last people have seen of the F* Five for now is them entering a fiery
portal, dressed in their old adventuring gear and ready to bring back their
friend - even if it means going straight to hell.
