---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 27th (continued)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Wrapping things up in Waterdeep
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 27 (continued)

Here we were now, alone in Lord Kyriel's "Artifact Room", looking at a huge
bank-vault door. To open it, we would have to solve a puzzle... x layers of
hell, y schools of magic, z elemental planes - together, we figured out the
right numbers and saw the door open, accompanied by a 2-minute-timer. Inside
were great treasures, among them glass cases with magic items in them. In one of
them, we found the infiltrator's key. After dispelling the alarm spell, we got
the key, but were promptly locked inside the vault as the timer ran out.

Soon, guards came, but luckily we could convince them that a drunk Lord Kyriel
had locked us inside the vault. They escorted us off the premises. Honestly,
this went better than expected.  On our way back to the tavern, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} noticed
that we were followed by a cultist. We ambushed him, tied him up and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} had
him swallowed into the white sphere.

Later that night, Shan and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} discussed the moralities of "the end
justifies the means" in light of what happened today: Stealing an artifact from
a possibly innocent family, sacrificing a defenseless cultist to...who knows
what...  At the same time, Posmet proposed to {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} to keep the Infiltrator's
Key in exchange for something valuable. While they talked about the price,
Posmet's Imp appeared and explained what the "Duke" wants for it from {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}:
Either she could start a cult of Asmodeus or she would become a follower of him
herself (i.e. taking one class of Warlock). Meanwhile, it came to light once
more that {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} really doesn't know what his "price" is that he promised to
Asmodeus, as he couldn't read the contract. As for {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}, she said she would
consider it.

Shan got a book on dragons from the library and wanted to give it to {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %},
who instead proposed to him to teach him to read with it. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} said he would
consider it.

The next day, in Earl's Tavern, we met Rea Nightshade and exchanged the White
Dragonmask for the Key. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} immediately put them together, upon which both
are gone with an immense icy blast. The cultist we previously had put in this
sphere appeared again, frozen. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} promptly shattered him.

We decided that the next point on our agenda should be to acquire the green mask
and orb. We went to the library to meet Elias to gather more information on
both. He told us that the green orb is at the Tomb of a Wizard Diderius. In it
is a Divination Pool, which, if you look into it, would tell you the future. To
get there, we would have to go to the Serpent Hills, populated by the Yuan-Ti, a
rather costile people.

Elias offered to send us directly to the Misty Forest, considerably shortening
our travel. After we finish our business at the Serpent Hills, he would pick us
up from there to travel to the dragon council together. This gave us about two
weeks, starting that day.  He also warned us of the green dragon in the Misty
Forest, called Chuth. As a preparation, we bought 7 potions of Acid Resistance
and got ready for the trip...


## Open Quests

### {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}

- Retrieve the "Infiltrator's Key" for Rean Nightshade to get information on the white dragon mask.

### General

- Go with Elias to the Dragon council meeting
- Retrieve the Green Orb from the Yuan-Ti (Elias has more information)
- Black dragon by the mountains near Naeritar
- Find Draakhorn (probably in Severin's posession now)
- Save the Cloud Giant's Daughter, Aiziar, who was taken by the cultists
