---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 20th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Back in Waterdeep
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.png"
background_pos: 50% 100%
---

# Kythorn 20th

A new plan was formed: Ride with Elias Back to {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}, stock up on supplies
and then teleport to Luskan. From there, have our old friend Lenka Frostskimmer
take us to the Frost Giants to ask for their help in the upcoming battle - and
the blue Orb.

We arranged our meetup via our sending scrolls, and Elias brought us to
{% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} with no problems within five days. There, the party split up to run
their errands:

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} went to look after Olaf, our trusty oxen. We decided to leave
him with his caretaker here in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}, as he looked happy where he was now.

Kajya meanwhile went to Chalos Wondrous Vault where she bought Healing Potions
(3 Greater, 1 Supreme), Teleportation Scrolls and 2 Potions of Cold Resistance
because you never know with those giants.

As Kajya left the store, she heard a voice from a dark alley, sounding like
Viktor, her old mentor. And there he is: A figure looking like Viktor, but
wearing the regalia of the Dragon Cultists. He shared some info that only Kajya
would know, which helps to diffuse some of her suspicions. Then he told Kajya
that they are working to the same goal, he now is undercover as part of the
inner circle of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Dragon Cult" %}. In fact, he now is the wearer of the Blue
Dragon Mask. He is Galvin!

He told her that Severin wants them to assemble soon, we would need to hurry up!
Also, he would try to create a forged version of the mask, and handed the
original mask to Kajya. Kajya admitted that she felt lost and abandoned when she
thought Viktor died. Finally, he tried to go in for a hug. Kajya froze but
didn't resist in the end. Obviously she was very conflicted about the whole
encounter.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} meanwhile looked for a very rare item: A belt of Stone Gian Strength.
After some inquiring, he get directed to a "collector", the same that we stole
the key from before. As he acquired the belt, he considered getting more by
having {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} sign a contract. As he talked it through with his imp though, it
emergeed that {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} has serious doubts about going through with it.
Nevertheless, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} and {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} had the conversation, at the end of which
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} tried to destroy the contract that the imp had provided. Without
success, as the contract is magic and mends itself faster than it can be ripped.
Eventually, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} signed instead, as he said "every advantage we can get in the
upcoming battle could be crucial". This condemed him to another 1000 (?) years
of servitude to Asmodeus in the afterlife. In exchange, he acquired - and handed
to {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} - an Ingot of the Skold Rune.

Afterwards, we travelled via Blackstaff Tower to Luskan, where we arrived at Sunset...