---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 15th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: In the Zone of Truth
background: "/img/posts/misty_forest.jpg"
---

# Kythorn 15th

We were in the Misty Forest, on our way with Alagartas and his entourage to
Landrach's - his father's - village. Suddenly, we heard cries for help! {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} rushed to check it out and what they found was an Elf named "Galin",
trapped under a big tree. After some efforts, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} enlarged himself and freed
him. Looking around, we saw footsteps of Entlings and finally, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} noticed
that the "tree" was an Entling in fact that decided to move when she threatened
it with a torch. Turned out this was a test: Galin, the druid of Alagartas
father's village wanted to know if we were helpful people and asked the Entling
to lie on him. This test seemed to have convinced them of our good intentions,
but it certainly helped nothing to better our mood towards these elves. Galin
told us that the green dragon, named "Chuth" lived here for millenia, but just
started to be aggressive recently.

In the evening we reached the settlement of "Altand" - similar but bigger than
Alagarthas' village. It was dominated by a gigantic Oak "Palace" in the center.
This is where Landrach lives. As we climbed the Oak, Alagarthas told is that
this village was also attacked recently, but the cultists mysteriously broke off
their attack and left ... why? We learned that the former Arch Druid, Galin's
predecessor, was killed in the attack, as well as Galin's wife. This put Galin
under a lot of suspicion from our side, even more so as he seemed to carry a
heavy burden although we were not sure what it was.

We reached Landrach's throne room and found an unexpected guest: Reidorff, the
druid of the {% include glossary_link.html title="Emerald Enclave" %} that we got to know during our hunt for the last
Green Dragon we slayed in the village of Thundertree. After the official
discussion is done we manage to talk in a small round, just us, the king and the
prince plus Reidorff. We learned from Reidorff that we are well-known among the
cultists nowadays and that they are preparing a strike against us. As we told
the king what we learned about his son, he wasn't too surprised although
heartbroken. He suspects this was driven by his son's unlimited thirst for
power. What is more, we could confirm that the son has the green dragon mask, as
it was a family heirloom. Finally, we voiced our suspicions against Galin, as he
was the one to gain the most from the cultists' attack on this village, seeing
that he now was the arch druid.

The King permitted us to interrogate Galin with the "Zone of Truth", in which
all lies he tells would be known to the caster of the spell, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}. In the
interrogation it came to light that Galin indeed made a deal with the cultist,
that they would spare the village if he gave them warden spells to protect their
lair. Not all was lost with him though, what he did was only for the protection
of the village and his intentions were indeed good, though his means were very
naive. Eventually, we led the King know of Galin's doings but asked for mercy
towards him.

Now, all that was left was to plan how to get the dragon and Naeronvain out of
their lair...
