---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 15 (continued)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Still in the Zone of Truth
background: "/img/posts/misty_forest.jpg"
---

# Kythorn 15th (continued)

Here we were, still in King Melandrach's throne room, discussing our plan to get
to Naeronvain without engaging the dragon in their lair.  We finally agreed on
this plan: Reidoth would send a message in Alagarthas' name that he has the
black dragon mask and would be willing to trade it plus the F* Five, who he
holds hostage. But Naeronvain was to come alone to meet face to face. Our trap
was set.

We even had a bonus plan: {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}, as the most dexterous and sneaky of us, would
hide the green orb behind her back with her mage hand while we pretended to be
helpless prisoners. Then, if Naeronvain come close - BAM - in his face with the
orb, destroying the mask.

Later in the day we found a clearing in the forest with a little hill on it that
would be perfect for our plan. We got in position and Galin sent a message via
bird to our adversary. Then the waiting began. After around five hours, we must
have let our guard down, because suddenly Naeronvain and the green dragon were
upon us! Out the window with our plan to pretend to be prisoners - {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} struck
first and the battle ensued. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} made a hugely successful first attack,
bloodying the dragon almost immediately. Kaija then actually succeeds with our
bonus plan and explodes the mask, resulting in a huge poison cloud.

Bolstered by our initial successes, the group had a very successful fight.
Finally, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} Misty Stepped on top of the dragon while in the air and planted
the Dragonslayer deep into its head. As they were falling, Naeronvain tried to
grab the mask from {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} in a desperate last attempt to turn the battle in his
favor, but he is too small for an enlarged {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} to reach his goal. He
disappeared, the dragon dead, the battle decided in our favor. A huge relief
washed over our group as the tension of the battle lifted. But what to do now?
