---
layout: post
title: Mirtul 27th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: The Heist
background: "/img/posts/waterdeep.jpg"
---

# Mirtul 27

The Zentharim have not only provided us with a mission, to steal the
"Infiltrator's Key" from the Ammakyl's mansion, but also provided us with
invitation to Lord Ammakyl's daughter's coming-of-age party on that very
evening. We decided to go there disguised as guests and try to locate the key
from there with a spell.  To do so, we needed to know what an "Infiltrator's
key" looks like. So we did some research in the Fountain of Knowledge.

Next on the to do list was to get outfits for the occasion. At the shop, {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}
grabbed a cloak and disappeared into the changing room - where he asked his Imp
what it would cost to get an Infiltrator's Key for {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}, since she had
expressed her wish to have one. It seemed like he wants to sell it to her, in
exchange for a contract.  All dressed up - Posmet in a coat, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} dressed
like a fancy lord, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} with a black wide dress to hide things, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} with
nothing - we went to the party.

In the main ballroom, we spotted Remalia Haventree, representative of the
{% include glossary_link.html title="Harpers" %}. Observant lady that she is, she asked us not to make too much of a
scene, no matter what we were planning to do.

One by one we snuck off into the basement, where we had located the key. We got
stuck hearing voices ahead, and before we could decide what to do, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} and
{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} were found... and promptly asked to join a card game. Turned out, we
stumbled into Lord Annakyl's son's "Man Cave" where he was hiding from the
festivities with three other Lords. {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} snuck in as a bat, and while the other
two kept the Lords busy with a drinking game, looked around. Eventually, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}
and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} got stuck at a door secured with an alarm spell, and since the only
one who can dispel magic in the group was getting progressively more drunk,
{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} decided to pick him up from the game, playing the role of his "wife". With
a combination of {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %}'s Charm spell and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s Suggestion spell, we convinced
a drunk Lord Kyriel Ammakyl to give us a little tour and then go upstairs to
join his sister's ceremony.

Here we were now, alone in Lord Kyriel's "Artifact Room", looking at a huge
bank-vault door. To open it, we would have to solve a puzzle...

---

## Open Quests

### {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}

- Retrieve the "Infiltrator's Key" for Rean Nightshade to get information on the white dragon mask.

### General

- Go with Elias to the Dragon council meeting
- Retrieve the Green Orb from the Yuan-Ti (Elias has more information)
- Black dragon by the mountains near Naeritar
- Find Draakhorn (probably in Severin's posession now)
- Save the Cloud Giant's Daughter, Aiziar, who was taken by the cultists
