---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 25th through Flamerule 4th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: In the realm of the Frost Giants
background: "/img/posts/glacier.jpg"
background_pos: 50% 100%
---

Kythorn 25, sunset

Lenka, this time without her brother, took us most of the way north within seven
days, after which we would have to make the rest of the trip by foot. On the
boat, we had a lot of fun with Lenka's seamen. Moreover, Kajya finally told us
about her encounter with Viktor and that she now had the blue Dragon Mask. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}
decided to try it out to see if it was real and if it was cursed. As he attuned
to it, all seemed good. In fact, a little too good. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} didn't want to give it
away anymore. Also, raising {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} suddenly seemed like a really good idea, why
should we stop this? Luckily, we could relief him of the curse via Greater
Restoration before anything bad could happen. What does this mean for Viktor?
Was he fake? Was he an unwilling participant in the Cultists' plot? Or has he
indeed turned evil? Kajya from there on out was in a rather foul mood, even by
her standards.

After two days of walking through the barren icy land, we encountered some
shapes that we mistook for houses first. It turned out to be the giants we were
looking for. They brought us to their village where we engaged in negotiations
with the Jarl. First, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} tried to diffuse the tension by giving a rather large
Snowflake to the Jarl's wife, Brunhild. Kajya and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} once again try their
diplomatic chops to hand over the blue orb to us. Eventually, Brunhild produced
it, as she was wearing it as a necklace. They agreed to let us use it to destroy
the mask, in exchange for our promise to help them find the "Ring of Winter"
after we defeated {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}, a magic item that they think would help them gain
supremacy over the other giants.

We headed outside and successfully destroyed the mask with the orb. In that
moment, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} heard master Shifu's voice: "They have started the ritual. Hurry!
The troops will meet at the rise of the sun at the edge of Skullgorge"

## Our plan for the upcoming battle

- Our human allies ({% include glossary_link.html title="Order of the Gauntlet" %}, {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %} Council) will engage the evil humans: Dragon cultists, Wizards
- The Giants will try to free Blakothkus' daugther, who is planned to be sacrified for the ritual
- The metallic and chromatic dragons will fight
- Finally, our group will head for the heart of the ritual and try to stop {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} from rising, engaging Severin
