---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 2nd
author: Thoredim
excerpt: In wizard Diderius' lair
background: "/img/posts/serpent-hills.jpg"
---

# Kythorn 2nd

We were in the last room of Wizard Diderius' Lair, fighting a battle against the
most powerful Yuan-Ti force so far. Luck was on our side and we ultimately
overcame them. The last Abomination was convinced by {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} to sign a contract -
immediately black flames shot up to devour it. Oddly, no one except {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}
seemed concerned in the slightest by this.

Next, we woke up Varram, who was lying on the ground. As it turned out, he was
still a devout follower of TIamat and sacrificed his followers to see his future
in the Divination Pool. In it, he saw someone steal his dragon mask - apparently
he must have been in this lair for quite a long time. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} proposed to "bring
him really close to Tiamat". Before he could answer, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} put him to sleep and
seized the chance to pickpocket him (to no success). After this, he hesitantly
signed {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s contract - immediately a portal opened and he fell deep, ever
deeper... only {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} heard a deafening roar in the distance. As Varram fell, he
got close to {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} briefly, thus fulfilling that end of the contract. Then was
caught by winged devils in his fall and carried away to who knows where.

{% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} investigated the room, finding a sizeable treasure:

- 800 Gold
- 100 Platinum
- 2 cloudy emeralds (Worth 500 Gold each)
- Several necklaces (worth 100 Gold)
- 2 spell scrolls (1x Levitate, can be used by {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} / 1x Call Lightning, can be used by none)

When we reached the exit, late afternoon greeted us with a blast of fresh air.
We walked a little, then found a place to rest for the night. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} decided to
put up his Instant Fortress for the first time, causing great damage to those
nearby as it rapidly expanded. Next, as the others went into the fortress, he
planted one of his magic beans, to which a "Bulette" (Sand Shark) appeared.
Unable to fight it off in our current state, {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} ran into the fortress and
decided to just call it a night, since the adamantine walls of the fortress
protect against non-magical damage. And so we went to a deep slumber,
accompanied by the soothing sounds of teeth against metal...
