---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 1st
author: Thoredim
excerpt: In wizard Diderius' lair
background: "/img/posts/serpent-hills.jpg"
---

# Kythorn 1st (continued)

## Part 1

We successfully fought off the mummies, but {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} got cursed. We went back to the
riddle room to rest, where Thoredim cast Greater Restoration on {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}.

The next room turned out to be the library. Suddenly a ghost sprang up,
announcing that she is tasked to protect wizard Diderius' work. Told us who had
ransacked the library, while seeming very upset. She told us that Yuan-Ti were
deeper in the dungeon. She also shared with us that she - as a ghost - would be
released if we returned books (on divination) back to the library. Next: The
throne room. In it was a 12-foot humanoid, demanding sacrifices before we would
pass. We put down scrolls and platinum, probably way too much for what was
asked. In the next room, a dining hall, a group of Bearded Devils waited for us.

# Part 2

The devils were thoroughly uninterested at first, but were willing to follow
{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}'s commands as higher-ranking follower of Asmodeus. Down the next hallway,
a chaotic fight with spectres and wraiths begins, in which {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} bites one, the
Bearded Devils bitch-slap others with their beards. After successfully disposing
of the enemies, we find a bedchamber in which there are seven silk robes, an
amethyst ring, scrolls and finally two goblets that keep filling up with some
gas.

The next room contained a dry pool in front of which seven dead cultists were
lying on the ground, among them broken arrows. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} sent some of the devils to
clear out the rubble between this room and the passage to the mushroom-room. One
of the devils was sent back to pull the lever in that room, upon which the pool
filled. At this point, we heard a voice in our heads: "Some things are not for
mortal minds to know - look away from darkness!" We decided not to push our luck
after all, and everybody did as told by the voice, except for {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}, who was
seriously conflicted and just barely looked away at the last moment.

The next room had in it a sarcophagus. As we approached, we heard the voice
again, telling us that Varram, the dwarf, was taken by the Yuan-Ti, after which
another door on the far end of the room opened. Behind it was a hallway full of
Lizard People and Yuan-Ti which we had to kill. Afterwards, a short rest was in
order.

Finally, we gave one book that we had found to the library ghost, which had her
finally released into eternal death.

## Part 3

We continued down the hallway until we encountered a slimy bridge - this part
looked like it was added afterwards by the Yuan-Ti. As we crossed the bridge
carefully, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} almost fell in twice, both times saved by {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}. We ventured
ever deeper into the hallway, until we met even more Lizard People and Yuan-Ti.
One of them cast suggestion on {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}, suggesting to him to "find the spy" in
our group. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} thus used his last available spell to cast Zone of Truth on
Shan and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}.

As we were about to win the fight, the Lizard People retreated into a room that
had in it a Yuan-Ti Abomination, a formidable enemy. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} cast Hunger of Hadar
right into the room, while we blocked the only exit - to great effect!

Afterwards we kept looking around and found, besides some prison cells, a room
with three statues, with plate armors arranged like an offering. When we entered
the room though, hundreds of snakes slithered into the room out of nowhere and
brought the statues to life as Helmed Horrors.

The final room had in it giant serpent statues that were sputtering green
flames. After overcoming this last obstacle, at the end of the room, we found a
green altar and on it... the Green Orb! In front of it, two Yuan-Ti Abominations
and on the ground, Varram the White.
