---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 16th (continued)
author: Thoredim
excerpt: At the dragons' council
background: "/img/posts/dragon_council.png"
background_pos: 50% 100%
---

# Kythorn 16th

As we freely exchanged the items we found in the dragon's horde, so every item
would go to those who need it the most, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} considered how much we have
grown together as a group. However, this was rudely interrupted by the common
realization that we were already four days late to meet Elias aka our shuttle to
the dragon council - and it would be another two days to travel to the meeting
spot. Kayja messaged the dragon and aided by {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} shooting Eldritch Blasts in
the air as location helper, we met up and off we were to the council.

As Elias picked us up, he gave us some advice: Lady Otaaryliakkarnos, a silver
dragon, carries a grudge against dwarves who, 1500 years ago were hunting her
kin, and made an armor out of her niece's scales. {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} is not to talk to her
directly. She might be appeased by promising to return the armor?

In general, Dragons are not convinced that they need the help of "small people",
or even that the coming of {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} would be an absolute catastrophe. Kayja asked
why the dragons would want to stop {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} at all, followed by one of Elias
history lessons why Metallic dragons are "natural" enemies of {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %}.  Elias
also found out that the frost giants have the blue orb. So our goal now would be
to convince the frost giants to join us in battle and bring the orb, as the blue
mask will presumably also be at the well of dragons.

We arrived at the Nether Mountains, where the council had already begun. Huge
dragons sitting atop mountains, waiting for Elias arrival:

Prothanter → Male GOLD Dragon
Ileuthra → Male Brass Dragon
Otaaryliakkarnos → female Silver Dragon
Elias aka. Nymmurh → Male Bronze Dragon
Tazmikella → Female Copper Dragon

Kayja and {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} took turns trying to convince the dragons to join in the
upcoming battle, both rising to storytelling heights we have never seen before!
Kayja made a speech how she was nothing but a thief but how this group made her
more than she was.

As the dragons discussed, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} also offered an apology on behalf of his
people to the silver dragon, along with a token gift (an amulet) with the
promise to try to find the armor.

Eventually, we gained the favor of the council to form an alliance!
