---
layout: post
title: Kythorn 15th and 16th
author: Thoredim
excerpt: Raiding the lair of the dragon
background: "/img/posts/misty_forest.jpg"
---

# Kythorn 15th (continued)

Having just defeated the green dragon, we took our time and gathered a huge
amount of scales and teeth, spending a large part of the day, plus the night on
the hill. No one attacked us though, we must have looked intimidating enough,
resting next to the mighty dragon's carcass.

# Kythorn 16th

Reidoth told us where the dragon's lair was, then said his goodbye, obviously
not too taken with our idea to prioritize raiding the lair over the imminent
danger of {% include glossary_link.html title="Tiamat" %} rising. We bid farewell, promising to meet again in our third
and hopefully final battle against a dragon soon.

As we made our way to the lair, we heard silvery voices in the air, telling us
that the walls to the feywild are a little thinner here. We arrived at a pond
with a waterfall at the other end. {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} ran over the water, peeked behind the
waterfall and confirmed that we found the entrance to the lair. We then spend
way too much time trying to cross the lake before finally making our way down
the slope. We found ourselves in a cave with a lake, and soon encountered two
Ettins who seemed to be put here as guards. {% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %} pulled a dragon cultist from
his orb, charmed him and made him convince the Ettins that we were his
prisoners. As the minute passed and the charm wore off, {% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %} commanded him
to run away, then {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} put him to sleep. Luckily, none of the Ettins noticed our
theatrics anymore, as they already left. So we could dive through the lake to
the horde in peace. We were rewarded with some true treasures:

{% include glossary_link.html title="Thoredim" %}:
- Lvl 6 spell scroll
- Ring of spellturning

Kaija:
- +1 Plate Armor
- Potion of gaseous form

{% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %}:
- Cloak of invisibility
- 2 pieces of +2 crossbow bolts

{% include glossary_link.html title="Posmet" %}:
- Staff of frost
- Staff of healing

And about 40.000 GPs, aka "We're comfortable"

Meanwhile, {% include glossary_link.html title="Kaiya" %} in bat form discovered seven cages with Elves in another part
of the cave, who were taken hostage during the raids. As {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} helped them
escape, he wondered why the rest of our group bothers with all those dead weight
"treasures"...

## Quick recap on the masks and orbs

- We destroyed the white mask + orb in {% include glossary_link.html title="Waterdeep" %}
- We destroyed the green mask + orb just now in the Misty Forest
- {% include glossary_link.html title="Shan" %} still has the black mask. Don't know the location of the black orb
- The Red Mask is with Severin at the Well of Dragons. Orb: Unknown
- The Blue Mask is in some desert with Gallan (?). Orb: Unknown
